WRR-9115: `Scroller`: Fixed to focus properly when the spottable node is bigger than the viewport by scrolling with voice control (#1740)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact sandstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/Scroller` to focus even when the node boundery goes out the viewport by voice control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/Scroller` to focus properly when the spottable node is bigger than the size of viewport by voice control
```
